>>The instructions
that I'm about to give
is the first aspect-- there
are four primary aspects--
into teaching the Merkaba.
This is the very most
important instructions of all.
It is the easiest
one to tell you.
It is the hardest one to do.
No amount of understanding
of the science
of the reality or the Merkaba
will create a living field
around a person, unless they
are in the state of love.
Your heart chakra
must be open, and you
must be feeling love in
order for this to take place.
I guess this is the rules of
the game that God laid down.
This is just the way it is.
And there are two heart chakras,
and most of the chakra systems
that run off the
body are thought
of in terms of octaves--
and the Hindus, Tibetans.
But there are really
13 chakras running up
the body-- 12 in the body,
and a 13th one above the head.
One of the heart chakras
is on the octave,
and one of the heart chakras
is on the pentatonic scale.
One's on the white notes.
One's on the black notes.
And at this point right
here, just slightly
above the sternum--
can everybody
see this place right here?
This is the place of the first
heart chakra, which is actually
on the pentatonic
scale, which is
the heart chakra of
universal, unconditional love
for all life.
This would be one
way of putting it.
It's love for
everything for God.
There is one that's
higher in position,
which is on the octave.
It's 7.23 centimeters
above it, right up here.
And that one is for a
portion of the reality.
Love for one person
to another, or love
for something-- love for music,
love for something, but not
for the entire reality.
And it is the lower one
down here at the sternum
that, for our purposes
here, we need to focus on.
And so before you ever
begin into the meditation,
one would sit down and
become still and clear
their mind of all the world by
just being still and relaxing
and letting go of all your
thoughts and your feelings
to the best of your ability,
which is all you can do.
And then to begin to focus on
the fifth chakra of your body
and to open your heart,
and it's a feeling--
when you're in
love with someone,
that is a feeling, a
sensation, an experience.
And it is also an experience
to be in love with God,
or all life everywhere,
or the entire reality.
And so to the best of
your ability when you do
this is that you
must first begin
to open that area
of your energy field
and to feel love for
everything and everyone
with no exceptions at all.
Of course, we all have
certain people we don't like
and certain things we
don't like and stuff.
That's the way we are.
We're in a polarized world.
So all you can do
is the best you can,
and you just begin to just
focus on opening and gratitude
for being alive.
And just whatever the
words or the images that
help you to open, you work
with those to open your heart
and to open up.
Once you actually
feel that feeling,
and you're in that
state of love,
then you can begin
to do the practice.
And I'll just say
right now to the degree
that you are able
to open that chakra
and to feel love for all life
will be in direct proportion
to your success with working
with this meditation,
if you choose to use
this meditation, of
When I walked around
the room here,
I said
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
there is no God but God.
And it's a Muslim,
or a Sufi, prayer.
And there is another
Sufi sound that
actually has been used
by many other cultures
around the world,
because they've
discovered that it works.
There is a sound that is
a very simple sound that
will resonate in that
particular chakra of your body.
And the sound is hu.
It's spelled H-U, usually
in Sufism, anyway.
And it's just the sound hu, hu.
And so what I'd like to do
right now for about five minutes
or so is all of us to begin
making this sound together.
And you can get creative with
it, if you want-- that's OK--
and have a good time with it.
You don't have to be
real serious about it.
But to feel what it
does to your body
and to this flow
of energy that's
moving through this room,
at the end of that I
will bring the sound
down in intensity,
and we'll say the prayers.
Great spirit, oh, holy trinity,
mother, father, child-god,
creator of all life
everywhere, thank you.
Thank you for everything
that you've given us.
And thank you for this
circle and for the love
that flows through the circle.
For without this
love, we would never
be able to see in the eyes
of every person before us.
And may all the
beings of light who
wish there to be love and
truth and beauty and trust
and harmony and peace
throughout the cosmos--
may those beings be
here who work with us
and have responsibility with us.
May they be here to help us to
open our hearts and our minds,
so that we can understand and
make this real in our lives
and live it and breathe it
and make it real here on Earth
today.
And one more time,
the angels of light
who never separated from
God, those who have helped us
and protected us and
guided us and never let
go of us during our time
of darkness-- we are all
connected to those realms.
We are there.
We are one with them.
And I ask one more time
that you go within yourself
and ask your angels to
be here, to be by you,
and to help you during this time
and the times that are coming--
the incredible times
of transformation that
are about to occur on Earth.
Please ask them to be here.
We ended up with the-- they
call it Mystery School.
They meet up in three different
areas of this world-- Egypt,
and Peru, Yucatan and
Tibetan area, up in there.
And the Egyptian one
was the male aspect
of this grid that was going to
be created around the world.
And the people who started,
or the primary person
who started that particular
school over there,
was Ra-- sometimes spelled
R-A, sometimes spelled R-E.
And he was another one
of the mortal beings who
were found about out
about immortality
during the time of Atlantis.
And you see, the history
of Egypt is so weird.
I started to talk
about it before,
but you can't
really understand it
unless you actually study it.
But it's the same
way with Sumeria.
Both of these two cultures,
both Sumeria and Egypt,
they just appeared
out of nowhere.
And no one knows
where they came from.
They just appeared one
day with everything
intact, like a
civilization intact.
They don't tell you about this
too much in the history books,
but if you study it, you'll
find out that's the way it is.
In fact, they have a special
name for it in archeology.
It's called
stair-step evolution.
And the reason it's called
stair-step is because in Egypt
what would happen is
a particular subject
would come forth, like writing,
for example, in its full bloom
with no evolution.
And so there would just be this
sudden straight up evolution
and up to another plateau.
And then there might be
a little bit of time,
and then suddenly
another subject
would be known about
in its full bloom.
It would just go straight up
with nothing coming before
at all.
And so there were
these like stairs,
which defies all understanding
of how this could possibly be.
Aha, we got lit up again now.
And so this continued on.
And to this day,
archaeologists have--
especially Egyptian
archeologists--
have no explanation
whatsoever-- just zero, zip.
All they know is
that's what happened.
If you ask them how,
they don't know.
But what was going on and
the reason behind all of this
was this.
It's very simple
once you understand
what was happening behind it.
Underneath the Great Pyramid,
in that little temple villa city
under there, was about
1,600 fully aware
self-aware beings, which was
part of the Naacal Mystery
School branch in Egypt.
They became known as
the Tat Brotherhood.
It was Tat Brotherhood
because Tat
was one of Thoth's sons,
his only son actually.
And Tat stayed with Ra.
And it eventually became
known as the Tat Brotherhood.
Even today there's a
Tat Brotherhood there,
but it's the superficial ones
who are the guys outside,
and they protect the temples.
They're the protectors
of the temples.
But there's the hidden,
inner Tat Brotherhood,
which are the immortal beings.
And after the destruction,
when the poles shifted
and the whole
thing collapsed in,
and we dropped in consciousness,
and we started eating food
again and a lot of other things
that we didn't do before,
the Mayans were erased.
There was nothing there.
And so they had to sit for
a very long time and wait.
They had to wait for
almost 6,000 years
while we regenerated
ourselves and recreated
much of our patterns
and started-- it's
like someone who has amnesia.
You've got to start learning
how to read all over again,
and all these other
things like that.
So the mechanisms were fine.
They just had been erased.
So they had to wait.
And then about
6,000 years went by,
which happens to be
another point in the orbit.
I didn't really talk about
this, but in this cycle
we talked about these two
places here as being special.
But there is also
these places here,
which is approximately one
quarter of the way around.
And then you get this
other quarter of the way
around right here.
There's really four places.
These are the major ones.
And these are the minor ones.
These are also places when
dramatic change can take place,
though not usually
as often or anywhere,
but you could have a pole shift
there as well as over there,
but it's almost always
going to be here,
but things can happen
here and here too.
And they waited until
they got to this one here.
And they also had to wait until
they evolved farther enough.
And so it was about 3800 BC.
Two groups-- there was
not the Tat Brotherhood,
which were Syrian-based, which
were the father image of us.
The 32 members of
the Syrian base
were connected directly
to that particular group.
And so it was not only
the ascended masters,
but they had the direct
guidance of the 32
members of the Syrian race
that originally started it.
And pretty obviously it was the
Anunnaki from the 12th planet
who began the one in Sumeria.
Now, I believe these two
started at the same time,
and I think eventually
this will be proven.
And I'll tell you why this
is in just a few minutes.
Although at present they
separate them by 500 years.
They say Sumeria first, and then
Egypt started 500 years later.
I really disagree
with this, strongly.
And I think they
started the same time,
but from two different sources.
Really, it's the same.
It's like mommy, daddy, but it's
the same family, same parents,
but different words.
And so the Anunnaki
came in and simply gave
the Sumerians the information,
just said, here it is.
And meanwhile, the
Tat brotherhood,
their approach was
a little different,
because the Anunnaki gave it
to the Sumerians really fast.
They just gave them a big
blast of the whole thing.
I mean, it was just like if
suddenly you came in here
and a ship comes down,
and you're never the same
after that.
I mean, you're just
totally picked up
and remember all this stuff,
and all that kind of thing.
I mean, they were changed fast.
The Egyptians were changed very
fast, but a little bit longer
period of time.
What the Tat Brotherhood
was doing was
they were sitting there
waiting-- all of them--
until they saw that we had
gotten to the right place,
and we were in the right
place in the orbit,
and everything else, all
of the things were right.
And then they sent
either one, two,
or three members of the
Tat Brotherhood, which
were mortal beings, out to
either the person or the group,
whichever it was
that had reached
the particular level that could
accept what was being told.
And they would come
out looking like them
and dressed like them, and
would go out and just tell him,
remind them, of something
they already knew.
But of course, it sounded
brand new to them,
but it wasn't
really new to them.
They had known this
at one time before.
And they told them.
They gave them the language.
They gave them the
various things.
They'd give them
various aspects,
then go back under there and
wait and let them absorb that.
And then when they'd
get to another level
where they were ready,
then another one
would come out and give
them another group of this.
And so what would
happen is you'd
see these things going
like this in evolution.
It's like hydraulics,
for example.
They would suddenly know
everything about hydraulics.
They'd know things
about hydraulics
that would take
thousands of years
to evolve through
normal ways of thinking,
and yet they'd know
it all in one year.
You know, where
did it come from?
How do they possibly know
this stuff just like that?
But they did.
And that's what was
hidden underneath this,
is you had these two
very intelligent races--
the Anunnaki and the ascended
masters, along with the Syrians
that were injecting the
information directly
back into these two cultures,
so that within a very, very
extremely short period of time,
in one lifetime of one person,
they went from zero
to 90 miles an hour.
They went zhoop, and
they were full-tilt on.
There was a problem that
began to develop, specifically
in the Egyptian side.
And it wasn't
nearly-- I don't even
know if it was a problem on
the Sumerian side for sure,
but it definitely was
one on the Egyptian side.
Egyptian culture began
as two countries.
It began as a
polarized state, where
you have upper and lower Egypt.
Now, in their
memories, they still
had the memory of what it was
like before the poles shifted,
which everything
was reversed around.
The sun rose in the west
and set in the east,
and the polarities were
different, and everything.
What you think and what you
feel creates your reality
more than you know.
And they created a world
where upper Egypt was
to the south and lower
Egypt was to the north
and the Nile runs from
the south to the north.
It's the only river in the world
that does-- major river that
runs from south to north.
All the rest of them
go the other way.
And even if you go
to Dendera-- I'll
show you a thing which is
the heart chakra in one
of the temples in Egypt--
there's a place up there where
you'll see the astrological
signs on the ceiling.
They look just exactly like the
ones you would recognize today
in precisely the same
way and everything else,
except that they're moving
the other direction.
The heavens are rotating
in the opposite direction
that we're used to
seeing them move.
That wasn't the problem, though.
The problem is they started
out in this polarized way,
and the problem developed
around religion,
not around the
understanding of language,
and the sciences, and
these kinds of things.
It was religion.
It was the understanding of
God that was the problem.
Now, the religion of that
time was the Osirian religion.
And Osiris was not an Egyptian.
He was an Atlantean.
And he was the first
person, according
to Thoth, that graduated from
the Naacal Mystery School.
The people that were in
Lemuria were teaching
how to be an immortal being.
And here they are, eon after
eon, sitting there teaching it.
And they couldn't
get anybody to do it.
It went for somewhere
around 20,000
to maybe as long as
even 30,000 years--
I'm not really sure-- before
they got one person that
could figure out how to do it.
I don't know why.
They just couldn't
get them to do it.
And they finally got one person.
And that one person's
name was Osiris.
And the second person and third
person was Isis and Horace.
It was really kind
of simultaneous.
But Osiris was the one that
made the direct attempt.
And the story of Isis
and Osiris is really
the basis of Christianity.
It's very, very similar
in a lot of ways.
Isis and Osiris were
brother and sister.
They were also married.
And they had also had
another brother and sister,
which was Seth and Nephthys.
So Isis and Nephthys
were sisters,
and Seth and Osiris
were brothers.
And Seth and Nephthys were
also married together.
And at one point
Seth killed Osiris.
Now, you may take that
as a negative act.
I don't know if
we can judge this
or not, whether or
not Seth was actually
the bad guy in all of this.
It may have been something
that was more or less agreed
upon between the two of them.
This is my feelings about
this, because it's just
the understanding of
what was going on here.
But that's my own feelings.
But anyway, he killed Osiris.
And the story has all
been transposed over
into Egyptian times.
So he was put in
this wooden casket
and floated down the Nile.
But of course it
wasn't really the Nile.
And Seth and Nephthys went and
looked for him for a long time
and finally found him
and brought him back.
And when he did, Seth
then took the body
and cut it into 14 pieces
and distributed them
all over the world.
So they would never
find him again.
And so then Isis
and Nephthys went
around searching for these
pieces to bring him back.
They found 13 of the 14 pieces.
They found everything
but the phallus,
which was the 14th
piece, which has
to do with the creative flow.
And so they went
to that temple--
the one that we showed you.
Remember, that long one I
dropped down into and took
pictures-- and it
was there that they
put, according to the story,
because that could not
have been this, because, this
was 36,000 years-- or actually,
well, I don't know
how long it was.
It was tens of
thousands of years
before that in another
place and time.
But they put 13 of
these pieces together
and recreated his body.
And then it was
Thoth [INAUDIBLE]
who went in and
recreated the phallus,
gave him back his
life force energy,
and he then became an immortal
person through this process.
Now, the process
was that he began
in one state-- the
first state-- and then
he was killed and
separated-- he was cut up--
and then his pieces were put
back together and resurrected
from there.
And it was done also through
immaculate conception, which
is another element in
all of this, which I'll
talk about a little bit later.
It was done through
the holy trinity.
We'll have to
discuss what that was
all about at the right time.
I'll come back to this story
a little later at another time
when we talk about
immaculate conception.
But anyway, the
procedure that Osiris
used to make the transformation
from one level of consciousness
to another corresponded with
the chromosome patterns that
are in every cell of your body.
And in those days
of Atlantis, they
didn't need to write
these things down,
like I described to you
before about memory.
So that was understandable
by other people
without that having to be done.
But when it got to Egypt,
it had to be written down,
because writing had
been introduced,
which caused us
to grow-- as we'll
talk about later-- another
part of a skull up here.
And it changed our
body height and changed
our perception of reality
and a lot of things
just by introducing writing.
Let me see.
Here it is.
So in the Egyptian times, they
had to put it into book form.
And they put it into this
book, which was called
"The Forty-Two Books of Thoth."
But there were two more
books that were set aside.
There are 42 plus 2 books,
because they started with 42
plus 2 chromosomes, starting
from the first level
of consciousness,
like the Aboriginals.
And the chromosome
levels, or the pathways,
were called nefers, and
they were represented
by people with either human
heads or animal heads,
and they had various symbols
over the top of their heads.
This one was Maat,
which meant truth.
And they all had their
different meaning,
and they represented
movements in the great void,
which we are about to
talk about a little later.
And so the study of this was
important to the Egyptians.
However, when they developed
those two countries
of upper and lower Egypt, they
had two kings and two ways
of looking at things.
These 44 different nefers
took on 44 different images
actually in lower Egypt
and 44 different images
over here in upper Egypt.
And then, to
complicated it more,
the people began to think
that each one of these nefers
with a small g for "god"-- they
gave it a big old capital G
and started saying that Isis
was God or Sekhmet was god,
or Anubis was God,
et cetera, like this.
And each little community
started polarizing all the way
down the whole thing.
This is where your occults all
begin to take place in here.
And this just kept getting
worse and stronger and stronger
and worse as time went by.
And the ascended masters and the
Tat Brotherhood were sitting,
and they were going, we've got
to do something about this.
You know, there's only one God,
and they don't realize this.
And they knew that
the plans that
were laid down at that
time, if it was not changed,
by the time we got to
here, we wouldn't possibly
be able to make it through.
And it has affected
us strongly, even now.
And so they decided
that they would
try to intervene directly again
to make another change in this
to guide us toward one god--
the interesting understanding
that there's only one.
And they waited until
the 17th dynasty.
So by the 17th
dynasty, Thoth, who
was elected to be the one to do
it, went to the King of Egypt.
And they were kings up
until the 17th dynasty.
They weren't pharaohs
until the 18th dynasty.
And they went to
the King of Egypt,
and his name was Imhotep II.
And Thoth, according to him,
walked right into the room
to greet Imhotep II--
which probably just
blew his mind,
because I sure that he
thought he was just that guy
in the wall all the time.
He wasn't really a real
person-- and convinced him
that he should do something that
no King would normally ever do,
and that is that he would
not allow his son to be King,
but to interject
someone else to be king.
So he probably
convinced him real well.
I don't know what he did,
but he got him real sure.
He explained to him
the whole situation.
And so they agreed.
And you can check this out.
This is all
outrageous, and there
is controversy over certain
aspects of this in archeology,
but this is what's written
down in many of the books.
You remember Tiya
and Ay from Lemuria?
Well, they're still here.
They have a real nice
house in Egypt now.
It's a round house.
It's probably the only
round house in all of Egypt.
It's a round house with a wall
down the middle, completely
separately both halves.
So you have to go outside to
come back in in the other one.
Yeah, really.
And on one side of this wall,
it shows Imhotep looking
like a normal human being.
And on the other
side of the wall,
it shows him about 14 1/2 feet
tall with this very large head,
looking like what you're going
to see here in just a few
minutes, showing that he was
able to go back and forth
between those two
states of being.
But anyway, Ay and Tiya were
two of the most powerful people
in all of Egypt.
Everybody knew they
had been there forever
and that these
people didn't die.
And they had a great
deal of respect
and I would imagine
a little bit of fear.
They were pretty
well feared in a way,
though not that
they did anything.
They were very loving people.
It's just that they
were so unusual.
And so what was decided
was that they needed
to bring forth certain things.
And the first step
that they decided to do
was that they were going
to bring an actual Christ
consciousness being in a real
fourth dimensional Christ
consciousness body and have
that person walk on the Earth.
That person would be
called the pharaoh.
And what pharaoh means is
that which we will become.
That's what it means.
And that is exactly what
they were trying to do
was to give you the example
of where our consciousness was
leading to, that we were going
to go through metamorphosis
from this state to another one.
And we would appear differently.
We would still be
somewhat human,
but very, very different in
a lot of many, many ways--
physiologically as well as
consciously, and lots of ways.
And so they wanted to put it
right into the akashic record,
the example, so that
it would be there
all the way down
until this time now.
That was real important too.
And then the next step
after that was-- there
was another step also agreed
upon at that time, which I
will explain in just a moment.
So the first thing
is they wanted
to get this person walking out
on the surface of the Earth.
Well, to create a Christ
consciousness being,
you can't use the chromosomes
of an ordinary people.
You have to 46
plus 2 chromosomes.
So you have start
with that level.
And so who they chose
was Tiya and Ay.
These people are very old.
I mean, they're very
old no matter how
you want to look at it.
They weren't kids.
And they were asked
to have babies.
And so they had this baby.
And the baby, then, was
interjected into the lineage
and became Imhotep III,
or the last King of Egypt.
And then when Imhotep III
grew up and became an adult,
he had a baby.
And that baby's name, of
course, was Imhotep IV, which
we know more as Akhenaten.
His name was Akhenaten.
And he became the
first pharaoh of Egypt
and the first pharaoh
of the 18th dynasty.
There was a dramatic
change between the 17th
and the 18th dynasty.
In the meantime, before,
while Imhotep III
was having this little
baby of Imhotep IV,
Tiya and Ay had-- these names
get confusing-- another baby.
And that baby's
name was Nefertiti.
And so Nefertiti and
Akhenaten were indirectly
brother and sister.
And again, when we talk
about immaculate conception,
you'll see that there is
a saying about brothers
and sisters that's
been going on all
over the world for a long time.
And I'm not trying to
judge it or anything else.
I'll just give you the
information, at your time,
you can make up your
own decisions about it.
But there seems to be
something around this.
And so they had
this little baby.
And eventually, Nefertiti
and Akhenaten grew up,
and they got married.
And they became the
first pharaoh and queen
of the 18th dynasty.
Now, Akhenaten did not
look anything hardly
at all like a human being.
For one thing, he
was 14 1/2 feet tall.
Nefertiti was 10 foot
6", I think it was,
somewhere around there.
And they were, as
you're going to see here
in a little bit,
very unusual people.
This is Abu Simbel, which is
the base chakra at the end
of the bottom of the Nile.
It corresponds to the
base chakra of the spine.
You see this very, very
large statues there.
Here are some more, same place.
They're standing here, which
is better when you see.
You can see the heights
of these people,
and you see these
very high ones.
These beings here are
roughly 55 feet tall.
We think that this is it,
that our height and our place
is kind of the standard
of the universe.
But actually there are
many, many different heights
of consciousness or
bodies out there,
from little tiny ones
to very big ones.
And in human
consciousness on Earth,
there are actually
five different heights
of beings that have lived and do
live on Earth at various times,
and they correspond with five
different consciousness levels
that are possible, because when
we reach the fifth one-- the 55
foot high one-- we leave
totally this concept of reality.
It's a stepping stone
to somewhere else.
And this is demonstrated
in Egypt in the sense
that every king that
has ever lived in Egypt
all had five names, representing
these five different conscious
levels.
And these five different
heights of beings--
the first one is about 3 and
1/2 to 4 and 1/2 feet tall,
could even be 5 feet tall.
It's a range around
in there, usually.
And that one has 42
plus 2 chromosomes.
The next one is
the one we're in.
And we're about 5
feet to 7 feet tall.
We all fall somewhere in
there, usually pretty much.
There's exceptions.
There's always exceptions,
but pretty much.
And we have 44
plus 2 chromosomes.
The next one goes
up quite a bit.
It goes 10 to 16 feet tall.
And they have 46 plus 2.
And that's where the Christ
consciousness first enters in.
Then the one after that, which
I know very little about,
which is another stepping stone
consciousness like this one--
it's another disharmonic
consciousness-- is roughly 30,
35 feet tall.
And they are 48
plus 2 chromosomes.
And the final one is
between 50 and 60 feet tall.
It's averaging about 55 feet.
And that one is 50
plus 2 chromosomes.
Right now, we are
on the second level.
And so all you're ever
concerned with in consciousness
is that which you just came
from-- the past, present,
and future-- the one
you just came from,
the one you're in now, and
the one where you're going to.
It's like a leaf.
A plant's saying, I
just grew three leaves.
Now I'm at five.
And I need to go to eight.
And so we have
three consciousness.
We're concerned with
the Aboriginal-- 42.
We're concerned with our self
and the one we're going to.
And so these other two--
these really tall ones--
we don't need.
But the Egyptians left
all the actual sizes
of these beings
sitting all over Egypt.
And no one knows
why they did this.
They created actual
rooms for these people
to really, literally,
walk around in them,
because they literally
did walk around in them.
The Hathor race, for
example, which is from Venus
are 10 to 16 feet tall.
They are the most evolved
race in this solar system.
They live fourth
dimensionally on Venus.
You won't see
anything coming up.
Well, you will see some things.
Our governments have already
seen structures on Venus.
That has been
documented clearly.
But primarily, they're on
the fourth dimensional level
of Venus.
And for example,
you'll see a room here
with 18 foot high
ceilings inside of here.
And then right
next to it, you'll
see a room with eight foot
ceilings, just by side,
so you got a room.
And all the temples had these
very, very high structures
moving around so that
very big beings can
walk through those things
without being influenced
by them and having very special
places for them to go to.
Here you see an
ordinary person here
and a 55-foot-tall one sitting
beside each other here.
This is the king and
this is the queen.
But what archaeologists
say is, well,
that's because the male's more
important is why they did that.
But I mean, it has
nothing to do with that.
They're talking about
levels of awareness here.
They're not talking about
who is more important.
And this, by the
way, is this thing
on the eve theory,
where biologists
have traced using the DNA, the
overlapping patterns of all
the various races in the
world, all the way back
to a single person in this
very specific valley that
is talked about in the Sumerian
records as where we all
started.
And the time that they give
is about 200,000 years ago.
And according to
according to Sitchin, it
was 250,000 years ago.
He's guessing.
According to the Melchizedek,
it was 200,207 years ago,
to be specific, when
that took place.
And even the timing
is extremely accurate.
And this is Tiya.
That's what she looks like.
That's a statue that was made
of her when she was in Egypt.
But she looks young
like that all the time.
She never ages at all.
So she's an ancient,
ancient person.
So he or she was walking down
the street you were just,
how are you going to know?
You won't know.
You'd never know.
This is Saqqara, which is where
the Egyptian archaeologists say
that it all began.
They say that before
Saqqara, there was nothing--
absolutely nothing.
It all began here.
And Saqqara is an
incredible place.
It's really big,
and there's rooms
that are 200 feet under the
ground and all kinds of things.
It's an immense complex that
stretches for miles around,
actually.
This being the
primary center, this
is the first pyramid
built in Egypt,
according to archaeologists.
Of course, the Great Pyramid
was already sitting there
before that ever started.
But I tell you this is not it.
And eventually they
will prove this.
This is the writing that
just came out of nowhere.
This is a better one over here.
It's very perfect, clean,
straight, to the point,
clear writing that first
came out at Saqqara
and then very soon got more
and more complex and muddled
and not as clear,
and kept getting
worse and worse and worse and
worse and worse and worse.
In no time, the Egyptian
thing collapsed.
It had degenerated greatly.
This little thing
here is a rod, which
we're going to talk about.
It has a rod with a
tuning fork on the bottom.
And it has a 44-degree angle
at the top, which you're
going to see that they were
put back at this chakra,
strike the rod, and they
had this other thing
that they could tune the
rod with, and get exactly
that they could turn and
tune the sound going down
the spine just exactly and get
exactly the frequency moving
through them to tune
them perfectly along
with sexual energy
that they were using.
And at the moment
of orgasm, they
would direct the
flow in such a way
that they could put
themselves directly
into a very specific
universe, though it
was only part of what they did.
And these were the tools.
They not only used this one.
But they used this
one and this one.
This was the egg
of metamorphosis.
These are all talking
about resurrection here.
This is the key
of life, the ankh,
which is the secret to how they
directed the flow of energy
so that they would
become immortal.
And I'll actually tell you
exactly how to do that in here,
though I'm not
going to teach it.
But I will tell you the key.
You can get the rest of it
from your higher aspect.
And this-- I don't
quite understand
how they used that one there.
This one here is an
interesting symbol.
That triangle with the
triangle in the middle
is hieroglyphics
for the star Sirius.
Whenever you see that one,
they're talking about Sirius.
You see it down here
again over here.
>>Is the triangle at the bottom
[INAUDIBLE] little one inside?
>>This one?
>>Yeah.
>>Yeah, it had a little
triangle inside of it.
>>At the bottom.
>>Where are you talking about?
>>Inside the pyramid.
It's at the bottom of the chart.
>>This one?
>>Yeah.
>>Yeah, there's a
triangle and then
there's a little one inside.
Oh, is there a little one
inside the little one?
>>No, no--
>>No.
>>No no.
>>--it wasn't inside.
No, it's just this
one down here.
It's representing
Sirius A and Sirius B.
>>Coming off the chair,
is that a golden mean
or a Fibonacci spiral?
>>This?
Well, that's neither a
golden mean, nor Fibonacci.
And I can't remember all that.
It has to do with the crown
of upper or lower Egypt.
I can't remember.
But I don't remember
what that is about.
This is what's going to destroy
that history that they're
saying about-- you
see, the Egyptians
tell you that it all started
about 6,000 years ago--
a little less than
that-- in Saqqara.
And if you present them with
information of something that's
older than 6,000 years, they'll
just walk away from you.
They won't to talk to you,
refuse to talk to them.
And so they can't
contradict the Quran.
And almost all the
Egyptian archeologists--
all the archaeologists
in the world
are all Egyptian-- there's
only a few-- and the ones that
aren't, they're not
going to get access
to Egypt if they start saying
things are older than that.
You just can't buck it.
It's just like you can't do it.
And what they've
done-- there are
pyramids that are much
older than 6,000 years old,
but they won't let you
even get near them.
In fact, they've placed
military installations
around all of them--
these big high fences
and machine guns and everything.
They will not let you
even get near them.
And then they tell you all
they are is just nothing.
They're just mud
mastabas-- that's
what they call it--
made out of adobe,
and there's nothing there,
not even worth looking at.
And you won't even find
any photographs of them,
hardly at all.
You can't get anything on them.
And anytime you try to get
any information on them,
they just, oh,
they're not important.
It was before it all began.
And so I went and said,
let me just see one.
No, you can't see one.
Well, let me just
walk up near one.
Oh, well, OK, maybe we'll
let you walk near one.
They wanted me to give them
$7,000 just to get near one.
You know, this kind of stuff--
no pictures, nothing like that.
And I kept bribing people
and everything else.
I finally got them to
take me to this one.
This was the only one that isn't
on a military installation.
And the reason is
because there was
little villages that
were all around it,
and they couldn't do it.
And so you've got to go
through people's backyards
to get this thing.
I mean, this is incredible.
And I finally, after a
week of talking to people,
begging, and paying people off--
I mean, I lost a lot of money
on this one to give you.
It was an expensive thing--
I finally got there.
And they tell you that
there's nothing to it.
And the reason is
because there's
little villages that
were all around it,
and they couldn't do it.
And so you've got to go
through people's back yards
to get to this thing.
I mean, this is incredible.
But I finally got
there, and they tell you
that there's nothing to it.
And so they bring you up on
top of this place where it is.
And I look around, and instead
of just being mud mastabas,
these are old, old,
old, old, and they
don't take care of them.
They want them to fall down.
The whole things were covered
with these huge granite blocks.
I mean, it was real pyramids.
And you look around,
and for 10 miles around
this complex are
pyramids everywhere.
It's just totally
a forgotten place.
And there's a ramp
that goes down
this thing, a big huge ramp
going several hundred feet down
into the Nile.
A pyramid is a water pump.
I don't know if you know this.
It's a pump that will
pump huge amounts of water
without any moving parts in it.
They've been able to reproduce
these in the United States.
And this one's
still functioning.
It's 207 feet above
the Nile, and the baby
fills up with water.
They kind of pump that out
to get in there every time.
They pump all the water
out to go inside of it.
It'll fill right back
up with water again.
And the whole interior is
nothing but geometrical images
all over the walls.
Well, as you're about to
see, geometrical images
is of a higher level of
writing than heiroglyphics--
much higher.
Only they just say, oh,
this is geometrical images.
They don't mean anything.
I mean, they just
really play it down.
They don't want you to even
say that it's anything.
But while I was
there, there had been
a team of approximately
30 American linguistics
experts who had finally got
permission to get in there.
And I happened to
be on the airplane
with one of them riding back.
And he was so excited.
They felt that they had finally
cracked the code of language.
They believed this pyramid held
the key to all the languages
of the world.
And knowing what
I know, especially
with what you're about
to see here real soon,
they very well may be correct.
>>Where was that?
>>The name of it,
although I don't
know how to write it in Arabic,
is called [INAUDIBLE] It's
not even a village.
It's just a bunch of houses.
It probably does have
some kind of name.
It's about 30 miles
north of Saqqara.
And someday this place-- now,
see if they tie this one down,
this pyramid is about 500 or
600 years older than Saqqara.
Well, if they establish that
this was the beginning place,
then you find that
puts Egypt at exactly
the same age as Sumeria.
These are some of the kinds of
things that they found there,
which are these six-petal little
flower of light pattern things
that came out of that era--
these sharp, pointed things.
This is Osiris here,
with this green skin.
And he's holding the
tools of resurrection.
You see the rod with the
45 degree little rod.
There's a flail on the
hook, and the little tuning
fork down at the
bottom down here.
This is Anubis.
He represents the star Sirius.
And again, he is
one of the nefers,
one of the plan--
you'll understand here
in a little bit.
But he's one of the keys to
how to move in the great void
to create immortality.
And I don't know why I
put that slide there.
Oh, at this point this
is where I usually
talk about her being
the mommy of Nefertiti.
This is Akhenaten and Nefertiti
and one of their daughters.
And it's not drawn
to perfect scale.
You'll see the perfect
scale in just a moment.
Akhenaten had a purpose.
He had a few purposes to
come out into the world.
And one of them was to
change the religions of all
these cults that had
happened all over there
to a single religion,
so that they can
know that there's only one god.
And so Akhenaten took
power, and he took power
under very extraordinary
circumstances.
There was actually two kings
in Egypt and two cities.
They built him a brand new
city called Tel el Amarna.
And there's a stela there that
is in the middle of the city.
And if you took a
satellite view of Egypt,
it is in the precise, absolute,
dead center of the country.
We have no idea how
they got so accurate.
I mean, it's right down
to the-- it's perfect.
And they marked the center,
and they put the city right
around that.
The city was made of
only white stones.
And they waited until
the city was built,
and then when it
was finally built,
then Akhenaten and Nefertiti
left Thebes and came over.
And the country
was actually ruled
from two cities and two kings
simultaneously for a while.
That had never happened before.
And then they finally
let the transition go,
because this was
a real transition
period to a new way of being.
And they gave the
image of the sun--
the solar disk-- as
the image of God.
Now, it isn't that he knew
that the sun was not God,
but they were dealing with
a people that used statues.
They worshipped statues.
They had to worship something.
And he was trying to make
a transition from there,
and so when you
make transitions,
you sometimes make compromises.
And so he picked the
image of the sun,
which is a very good image.
If you've got to pick something,
at least that's the light.
It's all the life,
and everything
that comes from the
sun comes to us here.
The geometry of the
sphere and everything--
there's a lot of reasons why.
Prana-- from a third
dimensional point of view, prana
comes from the Sun also.
Though, from fourth
dimensional points of view,
prana's anywhere and everywhere.
And you see the rays
coming from the sun,
holding the ankh to the
nose, to the breath,
showing that eternal
life comes from the prana
and from the sun.
It's not a perfect religion that
they were given here, for sure,
but it was much, much better
than what they had before.
And this, by the way, is
the lotus flower, which
was the symbol for Atlantis.
It was the Naacal
mystery school that
brought the lotus to India.
It's written in India
that they did that.
And it says the Naacal
mystery school did it.
It says right in there.
There's several, several
writings about the Naacals
that were there even before
Buddha, long before Buddha.
But here you see them out
of the vase and dying,
because Atlantis
was dead and dying.
This is the actual stela
that that came from.
And now what you're
going to be seeing
is the actual height
differences true.
Now, look at him.
Look at this shape, this long
skinny neck, little tiny waist,
and everything.
What you're looking at
is a very close image
of what he really looked like.
And I'll show you one here now.
When Akhenaten took over, he
said, first of all, number one,
we have to be truthful.
We can't hide anymore, because
there was a lot of conspiracy
and the kind of
stuff that's going
on now-- a lot of that stuff.
It would be like a president
coming in and saying,
OK, all this stuff.
We're going to end all
this stuff right now.
We are going to really end it.
And Maat became the primary
symbol of the 18th dynasty.
Maat is the one the wings
with a feather over her.
And Maat means truth-- the
essence of truthfulness.
And so he changed all
kinds of ceremonies.
I mean, everything got changed.
He went around and
re-geomanced all the temples.
They really got pissed
at him for doing that.
Where you start seeing he says,
draw, paint, make the statues
just like you see it.
Don't lie, because
to them, when you
start making these people who
are standing like this and all
these distorted things like
that, that's a lie, because you
didn't draw it like you saw it.
So he says, all your art has
to be just like a photograph,
well, because he knew
about photographs.
But just like what you
see, that's how you do it.
And so you began to see
the art of the 18th dynasty
looks rather modern.
It doesn't look like anything
like you ever saw before.
Just suddenly this whole
new art form came up,
which included the statues
were to made just exactly
like the person would see.
And here is Akhenaten.
This is in the Cairo Museum.
And according to
Thoth, you are now
looking at exactly
what he looks like.
And this thing, to
the top up here,
is almost 15 something feet.
He was 14 and 1/2 feet
tall from his head
to the top of his body.
And you're looking exactly at
the body, this high waist way
up here, coming out with
these long, sloping things,
his knees are much lower,
and his skinny little legs
at the bottom.
And he had two
hearts in his body,
because Sirius has two suns.
Most systems are polar suns.
You reflect what's going on in
your sun more than you know.
I'll tell you.
What's happening in the internal
processes and things that
are going on in there, and
the nature of your system
that you're in, your
bodies reflect this.
So anyway, where were we?
So this is what he
actually looked like.
And this is Nefertiti,
which was found when--
I'll explain in
just a moment here
what happened to-- well might
as well tell you now, I guess.
No, not the right moment.
Anyway, this is Nefertiti.
She was found-- this bust of
her was found in Tel el Amarna.
They just totally
destroyed the city.
They removed every
rock after he was gone.
They didn't want the
world to ever know
that Akhenaten ever existed.
I mean, they went around,
and they combed everything
and destroyed
everything they could.
They completely removed an
entire city stone by stone
and spread it to the world.
They went around to all the
murals throughout all of Egypt
and erased any
mention of Akhenaten,
because-- she's asking why--
because he was considered
the great heretic,
because he was the one
that destroyed their
beloved religion.
And so they all hated him.
You see the
priesthood hated him,
because the priesthood
were all the millionaires
and the powerful people.
And he said, you don't
need them anymore.
God is within you.
And the priesthood, what?
I won't be able to drive
my gold chariot anymore.
And they did not
like to hear that.
And then the military was
the most powerful military
in the world.
They were ready to just
take over the planet,
and they could.
They were ready.
They were incredible.
And Akhenaten was a pacifist
and said, no, you can't do that,
and made them all come back
onto their shore, and said,
you can't do that.
If we're attacked, OK,
but other than that,
only for defense only.
But he was also a
very good politician.
So he put a lot of the military
people in political power
places to appease them.
But basically, they
did not like him,
because they wanted to go
out there and cause hell.
And he didn't let them do it.
And then the people
didn't like him,
because they are liked
their little religions,
and they were really into it,
and they really believed them
with their whole hearts.
Even though they were going
in the wrong direction
and it wasn't true, they
believed it was true.
They didn't really
like this new religion
that everybody was
supposed to follow.
It'd be like George
Bush coming in, making
all our military come back
onto the United States
and saying, OK, all the
religions are wiped out.
There's going to be
the Bush religion,
and these kinds of things.
I mean, there was a great
deal of extreme-- people
were really, really
uptight over this.
And the Tat Brotherhood
knew that this
was going to be incredible.
But they had to try.
And so they destroyed
this whole city.
I'll tell you what they
did in just a moment.
They destroyed this whole city.
And this was found
in an underground
that they didn't know
was there, and that's
how this survived that.
And a few things survived
that were hidden in places.
So there were a
lot of people that
really did love
Akhenaten and Nefertiti
and saw the beauty of what
they were trying to do.
But it was a relatively
small group compared
to the rest of the country.
By the way,
underneath this hat--
she's always considered
this very beautiful person,
and everything.
She is-- she doesn't
have a normal skull.
She has a much higher skull
here, which you can now see.
And she's not wearing
clothes-- that
was the other thing-- because
they felt that clothes is not
being truthful.
And so they didn't wear
clothes, except for ceremonies
and certain things like that.
But most of the
rest of the time,
you just didn't wear
clothes to just be
open in every conceivable way.
There were a lot of
things about her,
you notice these huge
ears, long, skinny neck,
and if you can see, her waist
is right underneath her breasts.
It's not down where
[INAUDIBLE] is.
It's just right
underneath there.
And this kind of
a pot belly thing
is just part of their nature.
This is two of the sisters.
This is a little
detail of something.
What you're looking at is
just like an actual, just what
the artist was
seeing here-- again,
this really high waist,
these little tiny legs
underneath there, these huge
skulls and this long neck.
Nefertiti's skull
was not anything
as big as Akhenaten's
or the daughters.
This is an actual one of one
of the older adult daughters
when she grew up here.
And you can't see the angle.
I'll show you the
angle in just a moment.
But that skull is really big.
It really goes back there.
And these ears are enormous.
Sound and sound
vibration and voice sound
is a real big part
of their lives,
very much like it is
with the dolphins.
Sound is a very crucial
aspect with them also.
And so their ears and
their hearing sensitivity
is way, way, way, way over
what we've got going right now.
This is another one.
You can see how big this
skull is that goes back here
like that, because they
were interpreting reality
from a totally different way,
and it required more brain mass
back in there to do this.
But the amount of brain
mass is real important.
It's like the biggest
brain in the world
other than dolphins, whales, and
humans, I think is the gorillas
or whatever they are.
They have about 750 milligrams,
I think it is, of brain mass.
It takes approximately
1000 milligrams
before language is developed.
A little baby when it's
approximately a year and a half
or two years old, or
somewhere around in there,
that's when their brain
mass reaches 1,000 grams.
Grams-- that's what
it is-- 1,000 grams.
And that's when language
starts happening.
So what they suspect is
that when a gorilla ever
reaches 1,000 grams, then
it will start talking,
just like we do.
Koko?
Could she talk?
Sign language.
Well, when we're an adult,
we have about 1,500 grams
average brain.
The dolphin brain
is 1,850 grams.
They have a much
bigger brain than us.
And they reached 1,000 grams
about 30 million years ago.
They had language 30
million years ago.
So obviously, the
dolphins are a little bit
further along than we are,
in terms of a lot of things.
They have certain
areas of their brain
that we don't even know
what the heck they are.
We don't even know what they do.
We don't know what
they're for or anything.
>>What does the archaeologist
say about the religion?
>>They don't know what
to say about this.
They really don't
have any idea at all.
Oh yeah, they do.
I know what they--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>--a disease.
>>That's what they say.
They say they're sick, that
they got this disease to cause
these bodies to be distorted.
That's why.
That's what they say.
Yeah, it was a real big thing.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
It was a real, real big thing.
It was a really big--
they were really big.
I mean, if somebody 14 foot
came crawling in this room,
it would definitely
be a big thing to you.
I'll tell you.
The rest of them too.
I mean, they were
afraid of these guys.
There is no doubt.
They were really afraid of them.
Anyway, this is one
of the teenagers here.
Look at this baby.
>>How many grams do
you think they had?
>>Oh, it's going to
be-- probably judging
by the size about
2,500 or something.
They about double the
size of our brain.
>>They didn't grow hair.
>>I don't think they had hair.
In fact, the vast
majority of the ETs,
if you're familiar
with them or anything,
they usually don't have hair.
It's kind of not a
necessary kind of thing.
>>So that's a beard.
>>Huh?
>>A beard.
>>Well, that was a
real male macho thing,
they really felt that
it was important to have
this beard right here.
The rest of it they would
shave, but right here they
wanted this long beard.
But it was a style.
I mean, even the
Queen Hatshepsut,
she was the first female
queen that controlled Egypt--
that was such a
powerful thing that she
went around wearing a beard.
You needed that beard, boy.
They were real important.
But you can see how big this
skull is, I mean, for a baby.
You can see also why their hips
went phew way out like that.
I mean, they had to have
these really wide hips deliver
that kind of skull.
[INAUDIBLE] You gotta get
that thing out of there.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
And look how big that ear is.
Compare it.
It's almost as long as the
distance from the whole face.
It's huge.
I mean, if you were
holding that baby,
the first thing you would
say is, this is not human.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>Some of the
Egyptian births, they
used to "oblongonate" the
head to mimic, at one point.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>She was talking about
some of the Egyptian births,
they would oblong the head.
This was true in all
three areas of both Egypt,
Peru, Yucatan, and Tibet,
when the babies would come out
of the normal human
beings were trying
to tie off with these
tight, tight, bands
to make the skull grow out
like this, because they wanted
to mimic the ascended ones.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
I don't know about-- the
binding the feet, that's
totally something different.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
Well, she's talking
about binding of the feet
that the Chinese used to do.
I don't know if
that's related or not.
>>That's a female--
that's a wealth thing.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>Yeah, what happened
to no questions here?
OK, let's keep going.
I'll give you some questions
here in just a moment.
In fact, maybe I can give them
to you real, real quick here.
Anyway, here's another one.
This is King Tut, and
he was only 18 years old
when he took over.
He took over directly after
Akhenaten and Nefertiti.
They don't know
where he came from.
He has no lineage.
They don't know where he
showed up or how he came from.
He wasn't from Akhenaten and
Nefertiti, they don't think.
And yet, he's still
got this bigger skull
and these big ears.
He's obviously part of it.
He was in telepathic
communication with Nefertiti.
He ran the country through her.
She ran the country through him.
Put it that way.
See, what happened was in
the very, very end-- this
is the part you'll
kind of need to know--
the population of Egypt, the
military, and the priesthood
all got together and said,
let's get rid of this guy.
But they couldn't
kill him, because you
can't kill an immortal being.
There's nothing you can do.
You can do anything you want.
Nothing will work.
You will find this
out at one point.
You can't shoot him.
You can't stab him.
You can't do anything.
Nothing will work,
because they have
a field around them
that will just not
allow it to take place.
You can't poison them.
You can't do anything.
So they did something very,
very, very interesting.
It was really ingenious.
The actual story goes
that they poisoned him,
because the people who
were watching it happen
and who wrote it
down saw him drink
this stuff which they
thought was poison,
and they saw him fall over.
And he looked like he was dead.
And they went there,
and he had no heartbeat.
And after I read all the
stuff, I asked Thoth, I said,
what happened?
He said, well, it's close.
I says, well, what happened?
And he said, you know, they
hired three black Nubians
who were like magicians, and
they made this substance,
he says.
The closest thing that
he could described to me
was what they use in voodoo
where you drink the stuff.
It doesn't kill you.
It makes your heartbeat and
everything go down so slow
that you look like you're dead.
And so he said what they did is
they had this whole sarcophagus
created and planned.
And when he fell over, then the
physician came up and checked
and says, he's dead.
And so everybody
thought he was dead.
And they immediately
carried him out
and put him into the sarcophagus
and put this magical seal--
whatever that means-- around
the lid and put the lid on.
And they embalmed him.
They never did anything.
They just put him in
there and got rid of him
and took him
somewhere and hid him.
And he remained in there for
2,000 years approximately,
until a little bit of
the seal broke free.
And then his spirit got
out of that body and left.
>>His body was in
the sarcophagus?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>They've never found it.
They never found any of their
bodies, not any of them,
except for King Tut.
And that was planned.
He's the only one
in all of Egypt
from the beginning
of time until now
that they've ever found
a tomb that was intact.
And that was part of the deal.
They wanted all those
things to be found.
They wanted them all to come
out into the world, because they
have very special vibrations.
They have the vibration of
what he was teaching in them.
No, I'm sorry.
They poisoned Akhenaten.
But there was no poison.
Now, here's what
happened with him.
I need to say one more
thing, and then we
can ask questions on this.
[INAUDIBLE]
This is Akhenaten's house.
It's in New York.
This is the Lima Museum in Peru.
And in there-- just
one more quick thing.
These are other skulls that
have been found in there.
There were these huge skulls
that were found in Peru.
I took the wrong angle.
If you got the
right angle, you'd
see it's the same huge skull and
the same kind of thing, again.
And this is one of my
teachers-- Kalu Rinpoche.
I'd like to give you his image.
He's a Tibetan Lama.
He was one of the teachers that
I really, really love a lot.
And if you could see him, he has
a real similar kind of thing.
His neck is real
long, skinny neck.
This is a collar.
His neck this long
skinny neck that comes up
like this kind of thing.
But those same skulls have
been found in all three
of those places.
OK, I want to tell
you what happened.
And this is the important
part of all of this.
Let's see.
What Akhenaten's purpose was
first of all, was just to be,
just show you what
you're going to become.
And then second of all,
he started the school.
And the school was called
the Egyptian Mystery School
of Akhenaten, the Law of One.
And the school was a school of
immortality, of resurrection.
And it was only functional
for 17 and 1/2 years
before they had him
drink this thing.
So he only had 17 and 1/2
years to complete something
that he had to do.
And he did complete
what he needed to do.
The next phase of this was that
they needed to not just bring
an actual form of what
we're going to become,
but they needed to
bring someone out
on the surface who
was half and half.
And I'll explain that
in just a moment.
And so to do that they had
to get a very special group
together, and that's what the
purpose of the Egyptian Mystery
School was.
And so they began this training.
They selected from
the people that
were the followers
of Akhenaten that
believed in him, people who had
done the 12 years of training
of the left eye of Horus.
The left eye of Horus, which is
controlled by the right brain,
is the female, psychic
side of things.
And so the temples
that started out
as symbolic that went
all the way up there,
which are equivalent to the
chakra centers in the spine.
Each one has a different
aspect of a school.
And I'll talk about this
more in a little bit too.
And they were there
to teach about
the emotional and
psychic aspects
of the left eye of Horus.
And so they taught about
tantra and sexual energy
and emotional body
work and fears
and all these kinds of things.
When someone had been
through all of that training
after 12 years, and they
were at least 45 years old,
then they were eligible to go
to the right eye of Horus, which
is through the Egyptian Mystery
School that I just mentioned.
And out of this, they
had a few hundred
people that were selected
and went through the school.
It took 12 years to get
the right eye of Horus.
The right eye of Horus had
never been given before.
And what's written on all
the walls is the left eye.
And the missing
information, the other half
of the information, the male
part of the information,
was only written in
one place in Egypt.
And they don't
know where that is,
because it's down
underneath-- it's leading way,
way underneath the pyramids.
And so that information
was never given to them.
They never had the full
set of what was necessary.
And so it was finally
given in this school.
At the end of 12
years, they then
could begin to process the
people through an initiation
in the Great Pyramid, which I'll
describe exactly what they did.
So it means that they
only have 5 and 1/2
years to reap the
benefits of all this work
that they've been doing for
all this length of time.
And this guy must have been
the world's greatest teacher,
because in 5 and 1/2 years
they got almost 300 people
to realize immortality.
Now, that's amazing,
considering the Naacal Mystery
School in the 60-something
thousand years,
or whatever it was-- Atlantis
was 65 or 70,000 years,
and I don't know when they
started the Naacal mystery
school there, but in that
entire period of time,
they only manage
to reap 600 people.
He did 300 people in 17 and
1/2 years, which is incredible.
But of course, if you've got a
14 and 1/2 foot person sitting
there, I guess
you'll listen to him
and probably really
believe what he has to say.
But anyway, he was
very successful.
They were almost all women--
almost totally women.
And this group then went
back underneath with the Tat
Brotherhood and remained there.
This took place in
about 1350 BC, roughly,
give or take a few years.
And they remained there
until about 500 BC.
And then in 500 BC,
this group as a whole
got up, left the Great Pyramids,
and migrated over to a place
called Masada, Israel.
And they became known as
the Essene Brotherhood.
The core of the Essene
Brotherhood were these 300,
primarily women, who
were really Egyptians
and were immortal beings, had
already obtained immortality.
And they then created
another school around them--
another mystery
school around them--
which contained both
males and females, which
were the outer aspect
of the school, which
were ordinary people trying
to understand immortality.
And Mary was one
of these people.
If you're Christian, you
can just accept this or not,
or whatever you want.
But I've got to say it,
because this is what I believe.
Mary was one of the inner core.
She was an immortal being
before Jesus was ever born.
And she was
Egyptian, and she was
part of the Egyptian school.
A statement in the Bible that
could be interpreted many ways
but when God was talking about
his son, what did he say there?
He says, out of Egypt
will come my son.
And many here have said,
well, that was the time when
he went back to
Egypt, because Jesus
lived in Egypt for a long time.
And they said, well, that's
what they meant by that,
but it could have been
interpreted in another way
also.
But anyway, according with
Thoth, Mary was an Egyptian.
She was an immortal being.
She came from this original
school, and she was an Essene.
And Joseph was also an
Essene, but he was not
an immortal being, and he
was from the outer ring.
And they crossed the two rings.
They crossed immortality
with mortality.
And it opened the way for a very
special spirit to come here,
who has a name that
I don't want to say.
It's a very beautiful
name from somewhere else.
And he was one of the
most advanced souls
that this universe
has ever created,
who came from a
level of existence
totally beyond our
imagination at this point
and came down to this
extremely low level of life
to live a life
who we call Jesus.
And it was the cross
between Mary and Joseph--
between the mortal
and the immortal.
And so he started
out as the Son of Man
and became the Son of God.
He started out as
a mortal person
and transmutated into
an immortal person
and gave the example
out to the world.
And if you really start
looking at things like baptism
and all the principles of
resurrection and everything,
you'll find that these
didn't start in Christianity,
but all had their roots in
Egypt, and even some of them--
baptism-- even further
back than that.
So again, you don't
have to accept that.
But I have to believe to say it.
And so now we have a person
who was teaching resurrection,
the same basic principles of
Egypt from the very beginning,
only who-- again, you
can't just talk about it.
You've got to do it.
And so you've got to actually
live it or present everything.
It's like a lot
of people-- and I
don't mean to put them
down in this way-- who
teach sacred geometry
and what this is about,
you get reams and reams and
reams of showing it, but then
giving no way to bring
it in to make it real,
no way to ground it
into the experience.
You've got to have that.
Without that, knowledge
is completely useless.
It has no purpose for me.
And so that's what
they were doing.
They were having
someone live it and go
through the whole process.
And so now Jesus gave
the final example
of what the next step of
all this was all about.
And so I'm going to leave
that there at this point.
And will ask questions.
And we'll just do
this for a little bit.
I'd like you to
ask-- last time what
happened was there was only a
few people who asked questions,
and a lot of people who
didn't get to ask questions.
So you get one question.
I'm sorry.
I mean, you must give
it to someone else.
So who's got that?
>>It's behind you.
>>It's behind me?
>>Let's start at the back.
>>We'd like to start at the
back this time, because--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>OK, hand it in the back.
Those guys never get anything.
No, those guys in
back know everything.
>>--the China experiments?
>>Probably.
See we met a whole other level
of consciousness and awareness
and information in China and
Tibet and all over in there.
There's Pyramids over there.
My sister, who's been all
over China-- my sister
is real famous in
China, and they allow
her to go anywhere, just about.
I don't even know if
there's a just about.
They allow her to
go anywhere she
wants-- and she said that
she's been taken to places.
She's been to Egypt 22 times.
And she said that she's been
taken to places in China that
make Egypt look like nothing.
And yet the rest of
the world doesn't even
know it's there--
totally secret.
And they've got pyramids
all over the place,
and they completely deny
it that they're even there.
And there's some of
them that we finally
got photographs of and
everything else like that,
and they'll say, OK, all
right, that one's there.
You know, one of the most
beautiful pyramids in the world
is between the
Chinese-Tibetan border.
It's the largest pyramid
that we know of in the world.
It's solid white capstone.
It looks like it
was made yesterday
from people that have
an eyewitness of this.
And it's got big solid white
sides with a solid crystal
capstone on top of it
going to a sharp point.
It's in perfect condition.
And the doorway into it is open,
and you go into this thing,
and you go through this
thing into this final room,
into the middle
of this big room.
There's no words anywhere.
There's no writing.
There's no pictures.
There's no nothing,
except for one.
And when you go into the middle
up high in the front wall--
this is from an
eyewitness who was in it--
there's only one thing, and
that's the flower of life.
It says it all.
You know what the
flower of life is.
You just said everything
that you could possibly say
in the least amount of words.
And the Tibetan
government completely
denies that's there,
even though people
have been there
and photographed it
and everything else like that.
If you call them,
we have, we tried
to get the precise
location, everything.
Six months with them trying
to get it, and in the first I
don't know how many months,
they just said, doesn't exist.
Forget about it, no such thing.
Yet our government had
photographed it from the air.
And we'd finally got--
I talked to one group.
It takes six months
to get to this thing.
You've got to really
prepare, because you're
going through uncharted,
unmapped country.
You've got to have
food and everything.
And when you get there,
you've got to get back.
So you've got to really time it.
Do
And the second group I
talked to, they got there.
They got right to the
rim of the valley.
They could see it sitting
down in the valley,
but they had to turn back,
because if they'd went in,
they would all die, because
they wouldn't have enough food
to get back.
We're talking about
really high and cold.
So there's no food.
There's no way of getting back.
And it's only out of the snow.
It's buried under the snow.
It's only out of the snow for
three weeks out of the year.
And it's really hard
to see, because you've
got a white pyramid in snow.
But these are the kinds of
things that do exist out here,
and there's really a
lot going on over there.
But the Chinese
have really, really,
really tried to protect it.
And I'm glad they have.
I'm glad they do.
The Egyptians do the same thing.
From what we know about
Egypt, you could about
triple that on what's hidden.
And the Egyptian
government knows
a great deal of
where this stuff is,
but they're not
going to tell you.
They're not going to open it up.
They wouldn't do it unless
they were forced to.
They don't see any reason
to bring that out purposely.
What's really
interesting after that,
who would you think they
would trust, of course,
to make the transition between
that dynasty and the next one?
They made Ay and Tiya
a king and queen,
because they were only
ones that tested it.
So they were king and queen
during the transition,
and then when Seth came
in the 19th dynasty,
they turned it over to him,
because he didn't really
want to be king, but they
had to make the transition
over to who-- and then
when Seth came in,
he immediately turned it
back into exactly what it
was before, he erased everything
and started right back over.
An Akhenaten was then
called something,
exactly what Jesus was called.
He was given the name the
criminal-- same name that Jesus
was called on the cross later,
the criminal-- and the worst
king that ever lived.
But Nefertiti and none of
the sisters and daughters,
of all of them, were
never found, not anything.
However, about three
or four or five years
ago, they found two things
in Tel el Amarna, which
was very heartening for me.
The first one was they found
some more burial caskets.
And they opened one of
them up, and inside right
over the top of head, where
the person was looking up
was the flower of life.
I had not been able to tie that
to the 18th dynasty before,
and so I was glad
to see that one.
But then they found
another casket, which
they don't know what to do.
It is sitting in the basement
of the Cairo Museum right now.
But they found this big
casket, and they opened it up,
and there was the bones of
a seven-year-old boy who
was eight feet tall-- seven
years old, eight feet tall.
And they don't know what
to think about that,
but it's physically
sitting in Egypt right now.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>I don't know about the skull.
I got this through my
Egyptologists out of Egypt.
And so I didn't get to
see this with my eyes.
Well, wait a
minute-- [INAUDIBLE].
Who's got the next question?
Do you have it?
Who has the next question?
Shouldn't she ask the
next question her.
And then you're
next after this one.
>>What was the difference
between Akhenaten putting
something into the akashic
records and the pattern
that Christ put into it?
>>Well, Akhenaten was
showing that which
we would become physically.
We're actually going to go
through metamorphosis of that.
Jesus was showing the
pathway out from where
we are here to there.
So they were working together.
The two patterns
were both necessary.
Do you understand?
It's got to go back to her.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>You were talking about Tut.
It's my understanding that
he was the Son of Akhenaten
by a normal woman, by an
ordinary women, because he
and Nefertiti only had females.
>>That's true.
There were seven daughters.
Do you have any written-- I've
never been able find any--
>>Nothing written, no.
>>Yeah, in pure,
straight science,
as far as I know and
everything I've written,
they don't know where
King Tut came from.
They have no direct proof
of where he came from.
>>You said he was in telepathic
communication with Nefertiti.
>>I believe that's true.
There's no proof of
that, of course, either.
>>Right.
>>When you were
talking about Jesus,
you said-- at least I think you
were talking-- when you said,
I don't want to say
his name, and I just
wondered what you
were referring to
and could you tell us a
little bit about that?
And also, as far as Jesus
being a culmination of Joseph
and Mary-- mortal
and an immortal--
it's always viewed
that they never
conceived in the normal way.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>--that's right.
>>But yet, for it to be a
culmination of the both,
it is from both sides of
the equation, so to speak.
>>Yeah, I'll explain that
in just a little bit.
When we talk about immortality,
I'll explain what they did
and how that took place.
But what was the first
part of the question?
Oh, Jesus' name.
Well, his name, Jesus,
is an Earth name.
He has another name
that's much more ancient.
And I don't know if I have
the right to talk about that.
I don't want to talk about that.
[INAUDIBLE]
All the names that you're going
to know of are all Earth names.
And I don't have
the-- a lot of people
have other names that
come from other places.
And they may or may not
want that discussed.
And I just feel that
we not talk about that.
OK, we got one more question
here that she asked here.
We're going to have--
>>Have you any
information on Osiris
was depicted having a green
face and then Akhenaten
had a blue face?
>>Akhenaten had a blue face?
>>When he met Maat.
>>I think you mean that
on the-- I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't think that
Akhenaten in reality
had a blue face, though
Osiris was always
depicted as having either a
green or a light blue face.
And I think that's because he
was dead when they got him.
They resurrected him
literally out of the dead.
He was a dead person.
I think that's what it is.
He's sometimes depicted
with white, also,
having a white face.